Fix link to lighthouserc on troubleshooting doc to point to master (#210)
GoogleChrome/lighthouse-ci: docs/troubleshooting.md

If the URLs that you audit contain random components (ports, UUIDs, hashes, etc), then you'll need to tell LHCI how to normalize your data when you upload it with the `--url-replacement-patterns` option.

> When using this option, you'll lose the default `:PORT` and `UUID` replacements, so be sure to copy those into your configuration if necessary. [See the example in the lighthuose-ci repo itself](https://github.com/GoogleChrome/lighthouse-ci/blob/master/lighthouserc.json) for how to configure these patterns.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using this option, you'll lose the default `:PORT` and `UUID` replacements, so be sure to copy those into your configuration if necessary. [See the example in the lighthuose-ci repo itself](https://github.com/GoogleChrome/lighthouse-ci/blob/5485be50406f7b600b679bd447b493b6544b2682/lighthouserc.json#L32-L36) for how to configure these patterns.
```

Reviewer: so we don't get an accidental missing situation again in the future :)
